the rocket stove is loaded and ready so
we're going to fire it up right now
we've got fire and the smoke will stop
very soon there's our grill pan and
micro pan has ridges on one side and
it's flat on the other side when I click
on the flat side because it's quicker
and the ridges sign it's harder to clean
that's I'd leave you clean okay we have
fire so
okay today I'm cooking salmon and when I
cook salmon I want a slow steady heat
but a low heat when I cook steaks of
course I want it fast and furious but
tonight salmon slow so I going to let
the flame die down a little put some big
sticks in there so it'll make a slow low
flame and then we'll be ready to put the
grill pan on and go my flame has died
down it's time to put on the grill pan
okay that looks about right I'll give it
just a mat to get getting warm up with
some oil on it we have some olive oil
here and put that olive oil on it and
we'll be ready go my finest died down a
good deal but the wind is kicking up so
I'm going to put some olive oil on and
then we will put our 70
these salmon patties have been
marinating in some spices teriyaki sauce
and some olive oil or royal who they're
starting to sizzle I don't want to get
very I wanted to get very hot okay yeah
i'm going to cover them with some
aluminum foil and hopefully it'll
protect us from the wind a little
we're trying to circle really done real
quick hooray the turn
do you have
goodnight place
now I'm going to go and get our plates
and put them on that when they come off
the fire that will directly on the plate
well our wood is just about finished
burning and our salmon looks like it's
ready and have a trusty assistant here
holding the our plates we have salad
beets and corn and left salmon on top of
the hat as soon as you're ready to come
off and i think they are because the
sizzling is just about stopped so i'm
going to get them
I must drop that out in the road
monospaced north mmm to their and the
last one goes right there Wow
good-looking plates up food mmmmmm ok
I'm done that starved so I'm gonna clean
my grill and go in